README (#52)
electron2302/continuous-time-tracking: README.md

# ![Image](./docs/cttIcon.svg) Continuous Time Tracking (CTT)

[![Build Status](https://drone.dev.sart.solutions/api/badges/electron2302/continuous-time-tracking/status.svg?ref=refs/heads/develop)](https://drone.dev.sart.solutions/electron2302/continuous-time-tracking)

## Content

1. [Content](##Content)
2. [Usage](##Usage)
3. [Development Setup](##Development-Setup)  
   3.1. [Code style](###Code-style)  
   3.2. [Integration into Visual Studio Code](###Integration-into-Visual-Studio-Code)  
   3.3. [Build and serve](###Build-and-serve)  
   3.4. [Run tests](###Run-tests)
4. [Contributors](##Contributors)
5. [References](##References)

## Usage

The app is available at: http://34.202.114.178/.

> The Entripoint of the CTT is the login screen:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Entrypoint of the CTT is the login screen:
```

> The Entripoint of the CTT is the login screen:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Entrypoint of CTT is the login screen:
```

![LoginScreen](./docs/LoginScreen.png)

If you have no account, you can create an account on the create account screen:

![SignupScreen](./docs/SignupScreen.png)

> Once you signed up your self, you will receive a verification email.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you signed up yourself, you will receive a verification email.
```

> Once you signed up your self, you will receive a verification email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you signed up, you will receive a verification email.
```

Type this verification code in the relating input box on the confirmation screen:

![ConfirmationScreen](./docs/ConfirmationScreen.png)

After you signed in, you will land at the home screen:

![HomeScreen](./docs/HomeScreen.png)

> At this screen you are promt to start a new activity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this screen you are prompted to start a new activity.
```

> At this screen you are promt to start a new activity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At this screen you are prompted to start a new activity.
```

> By clicking on the hamburger menue on the left of the "Continuous Time Tracking" label you can toggle the side navigation bar:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By clicking on the hamburger menu on the left of the "Continuous Time Tracking" label you can toggle the side navigation bar:
```

> By clicking on the hamburger menue on the left of the "Continuous Time Tracking" label you can toggle the side navigation bar:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By clicking on the hamburger menu on the left of the "Continuous Time Tracking" label you can toggle the side navigation bar:
```

![SideNavScreen](./docs/SideNavScreen.png)

By clicking on "Categories" you can edit all categories or create a new one.

![EditCategoriesScreen](./docs/EditCategoriesScreen.png)

On the edit categories screen you can edit a certain category by clicking on the pen-icon:

![EditCategoryScreen](./docs/EditCategoryScreen.png)

On the edit categories screen you can add a category py clicking on the "+":

![AddCategoryScreen](./docs/AddCategoryScreen.png)

> By clicking on the "History" you can view the history of the current day and step trugh the days:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By clicking on the "History" you can view the history of the current day and step through the days:
```

> By clicking on the "History" you can view the history of the current day and step trugh the days:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By switching to the "History"-Tab you can view the history of the current day and step trough the days:
```

![HistoryScreen](./docs/HistoryScreen.png)

By clicking on your account name you can see your account details:

![AccountScreen](./docs/AccountScreen.png)

## Development Setup

Prerequisites:

- Node.js v10.x or later
- npm v5.x or later
- git v2.14.1 or later

Install the aws-amplify cli with (you might need <code>sudo</code>):

- <code>npm install -g @aws-amplify/cli</code>

Configure Amplify with:

- <code>amplify configure</code>
- region: us-east-1

Install Amplify libraries:

- <code>npm install --save aws-amplify @aws-amplify/ui-angular</code>

Get implemented api, database and authentication with:

- <code>amplify pull</code>

Check your Amplify status with:

- <code>amplify status</code>

### Code style

> We use the default ESLint angular configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We use the default ESLint angular configuration for static code analysis.
```

> Furthermore we use the default prettier configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Furthermore we use the default prettier configuration to ensure a consistent code formatting within the project.
```

### Integration into Visual Studio Code

Plugins:

- Name: ESLint \
  Id: dbaeumer.vscode-eslint \
  Description: Integrates ESLint JavaScript into VS Code. \
  Version: 2.1.14 \
  Publisher: Dirk Baeumer \
  VS Marketplace Link: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint
- Name: Prettier - Code formatter \
  Id: esbenp.prettier-vscode \
  Description: Code formatter using prettier \
  Version: 5.9.1 \
  Publisher: Prettier \
  VS Marketplace Link: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode

### Build and serve

You can build and serve your local changes locally by running:

- <code>npm install</code>
- <code>ng serve</code>

in the ./ctt-frontend directory.

### Run tests

You can run the tests by running:

- <code>ng test</code>

in the ./ctt-frontend directory.

## Contributors

The following authors have contributed to this project (in alphabetical order):

- [AndHager](https://github.com/AndHager)
- [electron2302](https://github.com/electron2302)
- [sschoetz](https://github.com/sschoetz)
- [walli545](https://github.com/walli545)

## References

> Useful references and and documantations we used in our project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Useful references and and documentations we used in our project:
```

> Useful references and and documantations we used in our project:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Useful references and documantations we used in our project:
```

On the edit categories screen you can edit a certain category by clicking on the pen-icon:

![EditCategoryScreen](./docs/EditCategoryScreen.png)

On the edit categories screen you can add a category py clicking on the "+":

![AddCategoryScreen](./docs/AddCategoryScreen.png)

By switching to the "History"-Tab you can view the history of the current day and step trough the days:

![HistoryScreen](./docs/HistoryScreen.png)

By clicking on your account name you can see your account details:

![AccountScreen](./docs/AccountScreen.png)

## Development Setup

Prerequisites:

- Node.js v10.x or later
- npm v5.x or later
- git v2.14.1 or later

Install the aws-amplify cli with (you might need <code>sudo</code>):

- <code>npm install -g @aws-amplify/cli</code>

Configure Amplify with:

- <code>amplify configure</code>
- region: us-east-1

Install Amplify libraries:

- <code>npm install --save aws-amplify @aws-amplify/ui-angular</code>

Get implemented api, database and authentication with:

- <code>amplify pull</code>

Check your Amplify status with:

- <code>amplify status</code>

### Code style

We use the default ESLint angular configuration for static code analysis.

> Furthermore we use the default prettier configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Furthermore we use the default prettier configuration to ensure a consistent code formatting within the project.
```

- Node.js v10.x or later
- npm v5.x or later
- git v2.14.1 or later

Install the aws-amplify cli with (you might need <code>sudo</code>):

- <code>npm install -g @aws-amplify/cli</code>

Configure Amplify with:

- <code>amplify configure</code>
- region: us-east-1

Install Amplify libraries:

- <code>npm install --save aws-amplify @aws-amplify/ui-angular</code>

Get implemented api, database and authentication with:

- <code>amplify pull</code>

Check your Amplify status with:

- <code>amplify status</code>

### Code style

We use the default ESLint angular configuration.
Furthermore we use the default prettier configuration.

### Integration into Visual Studio Code

Plugins:

- Name: ESLint
  Id: dbaeumer.vscode-eslint
  Description: Integrates ESLint JavaScript into VS Code.
  Version: 2.1.14
  Publisher: Dirk Baeumer
  VS Marketplace Link: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint
- Name: Prettier - Code formatter
  Id: esbenp.prettier-vscode
  Description: Code formatter using prettier
  Version: 5.9.1
  Publisher: Prettier
  VS Marketplace Link: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode

### Build and serve

> You can build and serve your local changes localy with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can build and serve your local changes locally by running:
```

- <code>npm install</code>
- <code>ng serve</code>

> , in the ./ctt-frontend directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the ./ctt-frontend directory.
```

### Run tests

> You can run the tests with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run the tests by running:
```

- <code>ng test</code>

> , in the ./ctt-frontend directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the ./ctt-frontend directory.
```
